[DOC-770] Update xCluster documentation for architecture limitations section (#27782)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/architecture/docdb-replication/async-replication.md

  [Materialized views](../../../explore/ysql-language-features/advanced-features/views/#materialized-views) are not replicated by xCluster. When setting up replication for a database, materialized views need to be excluded. You can create them on the target universe after the replication is set up. When refreshing, make sure to refresh on both sides.

- Truncate

>   The TRUNCATE command is not supported.

Reviewer: could reference this issue for the automatic mode fix https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/23958

#### Transactional Automatic mode

- Global objects like Users, Roles, and Tablespaces are not replicated. These objects must be manually created on the standby universe.
- DDLs related to Materialized Views (CREATE, DROP, and REFRESH) are not replicated. You can manually run these on both universes by setting the YSQL configuration parameter `yb_xcluster_ddl_replication.enable_manual_ddl_replication` to `true`.
- CREATE TABLE AS and SELECT INTO DDL statements are not supported. You can work around this by breaking the DDL into a CREATE TABLE followed by INSERT SELECT.
- ALTER COLUMN TYPE, ADD COLUMN ... SERIAL, TRUNCATE, and ALTER LARGE OBJECT DDLs are not supported.
- DDLs related to PUBLICATION and SUBSCRIPTION are not supported.
- Replication of colocated tables is not yet supported.

> - Rewinding of sequences (e.g., restarting a sequence so it will repeat values) is discouraged because it may not be fully rolled back during unplanned failovers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Rewinding of sequences (for example, restarting a sequence so it will repeat values) is discouraged because it may not be fully rolled back during unplanned failovers.
```

#### Transactional Automatic mode

- Global objects like Users, Roles, and Tablespaces are not replicated. These objects must be manually created on the standby universe.
- DDLs related to Materialized Views (CREATE, DROP, and REFRESH) are not replicated. You can manually run these on both universes by setting the YSQL configuration parameter `yb_xcluster_ddl_replication.enable_manual_ddl_replication` to `true`.
- CREATE TABLE AS and SELECT INTO DDL statements are not supported. You can work around this by breaking the DDL into a CREATE TABLE followed by INSERT SELECT.
- ALTER COLUMN TYPE, ADD COLUMN ... SERIAL, TRUNCATE, and ALTER LARGE OBJECT DDLs are not supported.
- DDLs related to PUBLICATION and SUBSCRIPTION are not supported.
- Replication of colocated tables is not yet supported.

> - Attempting to read the current value of sequences on the target universe while replication is underway may give incorrect values.

Author: removed limitation about reading sequences
